en: improve generate.fallback (#1541)
nuxt/docs: en/api/configuration-generate.md

}
```

The path to the fallback HTML file. It should be set as the error page, so that also unknown routes are rendered via Nuxt.

> If set to `true`, it will render as `404.html`.

Reviewer: To remove all ambiguity i would suggest to explicitly list all the options.

```suggestion
If unset or set to a falsy value, the filename of the fallback HTML file will be `200.html`. If set to `true`, the file will be rendered as `404.html`. In all other cases the filename you provided will be used.
```

Author: I've reworded it a little. WDYT? :)
